Welcome text added (#3)
UCL-MIRSG/docs: docs/XNAT/index.md

# Welcome to the UCL XNAT Service

This is the UCL Medical Imaging Research Sub-Group knowledge repository for users of the [UCL XNAT service](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/isd/services/research-it/ucl-xnat-service). A central hub that provides clear, practical guidance to support medical imaging research workflows across UCL XNAT service. 

> Here you'll find documentation, best-practice recommendations, training materials and troubleshooting resources curated by MISRG - supplementing that provided by the XNAT developers <insert url>

Author: ```suggestion
Here you'll find documentation, best-practice recommendations, training materials and troubleshooting resources curated by MISRG - supplementing that provided by the [XNAT developers](https://www.xnat.org/)
```
